hello welcome to between two four operas
with Nick Becky I'm your host Nick
Bielecki and today on our show we have
experienced ventriloquist and color
perception professor dr. Jeffrey Thomas
you're not allowed to drink in here oh
that's not mine it was here when I came
in this must be one of the product
placements oh yeah we have to have the
label showing at all time okay yeah I
like the I like the ladies that's not
what I hear
so Jeff it's been rumored that you hand
out McDonald's applications to students
who fail your class so I guess what
everyone's dying to know is broke your
Hadley you mean that's an oral presenter
yeah as an oral presenter so Nick did
you hand in your McDonald's application
yet deadlines the 30th of March I asked
the goddamn questions around here okay
I'm sure sure again
yeah I've got the microphone that's why
I sniffle lucky
or something hmm this one's my favorite
in perception you taught us about the
properties of light
what kind of luminance or is it
illuminance well oh let me just get my
perception notes I keep it filed away in
my good garbage can oh there's my
geometric optics knows to go there
oh yeah yeah I noticed those Oh what
kind of luminous accidents is reflecting
off that scalp of yours
so have I ever told you how much I enjoy
they use a tablet to teach us in class
no you never have okay
have I ever told you how I like people
who wear ridiculously bright clothes and
used to play in stupid punk bands so we
have an audio clip that I secretly
recorded of you laughing when and you
found out how many kids flunked your
class and I'm just wondering is that the
same sound you make when you steal the
souls of the innocent
this interviews getting ridiculous whoa
hold on hold on hold on I got some good
questions here I stayed up all night
with this that's a picture of the
secretary yeah my psychiatrist says it's
called voyeurism I just call it watching
so you did your OD at Ohio State
University
that's the Ohio State University I guess
we'll just file that under who gives a
I guess the only worst University I
can think of is a University of Indiana
all right Indiana University to you and
yeah that's Party Central
oh yeah yeah I thought I recognized you
from that rainbow float no no no no I
must have been somebody who broke into
your closet and stole your clothes yeah
a lot of people come out of my closet
that doesn't surprise me at all all
right then well I guess we'll just keep
pounding through this when you prepare a
lecture are you afraid that the students
will enjoy it too much
never all right well what are some of
your fears I'm really not comfortable
talking about
come on I mean like you do yours first
and then I'll go well I am afraid that
someday you'll be a manager mcdonnell's
oh I had success antiperspirant and
Rogaine that's kind of odd but
believable for someone like you know
they were know I made a list of fears
for you